My dearest Raja Areefa Humayra,

Happy First Anniversary Sayangku!

Happy anniversary, my one and only love. I can’t believe it’s already been a year with you. Sometimes it feels like we just met, and other times it feels like I’ve known you since forever.

When I think about us, the first thing that comes to mind is how much lucky I am to have you by my side. You’ve brought so much light into my life in ways I never expected. The way you smile, your bright and joyful laughs, your funny (dad) jokes, the way you dance, the way you looked at me whenever we met, the supports you've given me throughout my life, and your commitment to this relationship, really taught me that I really enjoyed having you as a partner, and I shouldn't take these for granted. I'll treasure the you I fell in love with forever and ever.

One of my favourite memories with you is when we stayed together in December 2024. That's the time we got to know more about each other. I remember during that time, it was the time where I was the most comfortable and relaxed in my life. All thanks to you! Being able to chill, watch movie together, cook delicious meal together and sleep together, I want all of those! You will make a really good partner in life, and I can't wait to be able to marry you once we get things sorted out (you with your bar, me to accumulate enough money). Wait for me yayangku, and we'll make the wait worth it!

Over the past year, you’ve shown me how resilient and perservering you are, and I’m so grateful for that. I'm sorry for all of the times that I've made you scared and the arguments we've had. On another note, I really am inspired on how you've been able to navigate your life so far, even when you we're going through a lot of hardship and challenges throughout your life (family and "friends" matter). Thank you for being patient, loving, and simply you.

I can’t wait for you to come back here in 2 weeks. We'll have a lot of time together tau! Starting from our 5 days stay in the hotel (hehehe), then the restaurants we'll be dining in to finally celebrate our birthdays and this occasion, and the other plans we'll do before you go back to the UK, I'll make sure your time in Malaysia for a month will be worth it!

I love you so much, from deep within my heart. And as we move forward, no matter what happens, please know that you are my favourite person, my comfort, and my happiness. I’m proud of you, proud of us, and excited for everything ahead.

Happy anniversary sayangku, I love you more than I can ever put into words with all my heart. 

Love you, 
Mirza Shariman